register sign in Goodreads: Book reviews, recommendations, and discussion

Title / Author / ISBN
 search
Home My Books Friends Recommendations Explore
Get quotes daily
Facebook Sign in with Facebook Sign in 
options
Quotes About Balance

Quotes tagged as "balance" (showing 1-30 of 371)
Stephenie Meyer
“Perhaps there could be no joy on this planet without an equal weight of pain to balance it out on some unknown scale.” 
? Stephenie Meyer, The Host
tags: balance 1216 likes Like
Nicholas Sparks
“There are moments when i wish i could roll back the clock and take all the sadness away, but i have a feeling that if i did, the joy would be gone as well. So i take the memories as they come, accepting them all, letting them guide me whenever i can.” 
? Nicholas Sparks, Dear John
tags: balance 1093 likes Like
“Keep your best wishes, close to your heart and watch what happens” 
? Tony DeLiso, Legacy: The Power Within
tags: abundance, balance, better, book, change, empowerment, expression, freedom, fulfillment, fun, greater, happiness, health, help, hope, improvement, joy, life, love, meditation, money, more, peace, perfect, power, relaxation, self, self-expression, self-help-book, self-improvement-book, self-realization, success, wealth, your 1008 likes Like
Libba Bray
“In each of us lie good and bad, light and dark, art and pain, choice and regret, cruelty and sacrifice. We’re each of us our own chiaroscuro, our own bit of illusion fighting to emerge into something solid, something real. We’ve got to forgive ourselves that. I must remember to forgive myself. Because there is a lot of grey to work with. No one can live in the light all the time.” 
? Libba Bray
tags: balance, doyle, gemma 840 likes Like
Sarah Dessen
“I realized how truly hard it was, really, to see someone you love change right before your eyes. Not only is it scary, it throws your balance off as well.” 
? Sarah Dessen, The Truth About Forever
tags: balance, change, hard, love, scary, someone 471 likes Like
Rumi
“Your hand opens and closes, opens and closes. If it were always a fist or always stretched open, you would be paralysed. Your deepest presence is in every small contracting and expanding, the two as beautifully balanced and coordinated as birds' wings.” 
? Rumi, The Essential Rumi
tags: balance, change, growth, presence, the-middle-way 385 likes Like
Jarod Kintz
“0 plus 100 equals 100. But so does 50 plus 50, only with more balance. Let this be a lesson in love.” 
? Jarod Kintz, This Book is Not FOR SALE
tags: aspirational, balance, humor, inspiration, inspirational, inspire, instaquote, learn, learning, lesson, life, logic, love, love-hurts, motivate, motivation, motivational, quote-for-instagram, quotes, quotes-for-instagram, relationships, romance, romantic, teach, teacher, teaching, wisdom, wise, word-junkies 373 likes Like
Ellen DeGeneres
“My point is, life is about balance. The good and the bad. The highs and the lows. The pina and the colada.” 
? Ellen DeGeneres, Seriously... I'm Kidding
tags: balance, funny, humor, life 340 likes Like
Anaïs Nin
“Something is always born of excess: great art was born of great terror, great loneliness, great inhibitions, instabilities, and it always balances them.” 
? Anaïs Nin
tags: balance, excess 258 likes Like
Thomas à Kempis
“Be not angry that you cannot make others as you wish them to be, since you cannot make yourself as you wish to be.” 
? Thomas à Kempis, The Imitation of Christ
tags: balance, control, inspirational, spiritual 241 likes Like
“Happiness is part of who we are. Joy is the feeling” 
? Tony DeLiso, Legacy: The Power Within
tags: abundance, balance, better, book, change, empowerment, expression, freedom, fulfillment, fun, greater, happiness, health, help, hope, improvement, joy, life, love, meditation, money, more, peace, perfect, power, relaxation, self, self-expression, self-help-book, self-improvement-book, self-realization, success, wealth, your 213 likes Like
Victoria Aveyard
“I see a world on the edge of a blade. Without balance, it will fall.” 
? Victoria Aveyard, Red Queen
tags: balance, balance-of-power 209 likes Like
Jenna Maclaine
“There is darkness inside all of us, though mine is more dangerous than most. Still, we all have it—that part of our soul that is irreparably damaged by the very trials and tribulations of life. We are what we are because of it, or perhaps in spite of it. Some use
it as a shield to hide behind, others as an excuse to do unconscionable things. But, truly, the darkness is simply a piece of the whole, neither good nor evil unless you make it so. It
took a witch, a war, and a voodoo queen to teach me that.” 
? Jenna Maclaine, Bound By Sin
tags: balance, cin-craven, darkness, personal-growth, self-acceptance, vampires 194 likes Like
Deepak Chopra
“Mathematics expresses values that reflect the cosmos, including orderliness, balance, harmony, logic, and abstract beauty.” 
? Deepak Chopra
tags: abstract, balance, beauty, cosmos, deepak-chopra, energy, harmony, life, logic, math, mathematics, mind, mirrror, order, orderliness, peace, quote, quotes, reflaction, reflect, universal, universe, value, values, wisdom 194 likes Like
Elizabeth Gilbert
“The ingredients of both darkness and light are equally present in all of us,...The madness of this planet is largely a result of the human being's difficulty in coming to viruous balance with himself. ” 
? Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love
tags: balance 177 likes Like
Elizabeth Gilbert
“The great Sufi poet and philosopher Rumi once advised his students to write down the three things they most wanted in life. If any item on the list clashes with any other item, Rumi warned, you are destined for unhappiness. Better to live a life of single-pointed focus, he taught. But what about the benefits of living harmoniously among extremes? What if you could somehow create an expansive enough life that you could synchronize seemingly incongruous opposites into a worldview that excludes nothing?” 
? Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love
tags: balance, life, life-lessons 158 likes Like
Mark Twain
“what is joy without sorrow? what is success without failure? what is a win without a loss? what is health without illness? you have to experience each if you are to appreciate the other. there is always going to be suffering. it’s how you look at your suffering, how you deal with it, that will define you.” 
? Mark Twain
tags: balance 145 likes Like
Feeling at peace, however fragilely, made it easy to slip into the visionary end of
“Feeling at peace, however fragilely, made it easy to slip into the visionary end of the dark-sight. The rose shadows said that they loved the sun, but that they also loved the dark, where their roots grew through the lightless mystery of the earth. The roses said: You do not have to choose. ” 
? Robin McKinley, Sunshine
tags: balance, dark, light, magic, reassurance, roses, shadows 144 likes Like
Wendy Wasserstein
“The trick. . .is to find the balance between the bright colors of humor and the serious issues of identity, self-loathing, and the possibility for intimacy and love when it seems no longer possible or, sadder yet, no longer necessary.” 
? Wendy Wasserstein
tags: balance, happiness, humor, identity, intimacy, life, love, sadness, self-loathing 130 likes Like
Michael Ende
“You must let what happens happen. Everything must be equal in your eyes, good and evil, beautiful and ugly, foolish and wise.” 
? Michael Ende, The Neverending Story
tags: balance, equilibrium, evil, fantasy, good, taoism 124 likes Like
Alain de Botton
“There is no such thing as work-life balance. Everything worth fighting for unbalances your life.” 
? Alain de Botton
tags: balance, life, work, work-life-balance 117 likes Like
Rohinton Mistry
“You see, we cannot draw lines and compartments and refuse to budge beyond them. Sometimes you have to use your failures as stepping-stones to success. You have to maintain a fine balance between hope and despair.' He paused, considering what he had just said. 'Yes', he repeated. 'In the end, it's all a question of balance.” 
? Rohinton Mistry, A Fine Balance
tags: balance, despair, hope 116 likes Like
Shannon L. Alder
“The greatest heroes in life are those that never give up on someone. They stick it out and make it work. They sacrifice things in their life, in order to help others grow. They give up what they want because someone needs it more. They work hard and overcome adversity. They fail for a moment, but get back up on their feet to show others they don’t have to stay down. They show their loved ones that love is not “proved” by conformity. They teach others that having a voice is a sign of courage, and they will not stay silent to make people feel comfortable. They are fearless and will do whatever it takes to bring about the greatness in the ones they love because doing so brings them peace. Their name is---MOM.” 
? Shannon L. Alder
tags: balance, blessings, building-warrior-kids, committed, compassion, difficulites, dumping-people, example, faith, families-are-forever, family, gifts, great-family-members, great-mom, greatness, happiness, heroes, humanity, inner-peace, joy, love, mom, mother, motherhood, never-giving-up, never-letting-go, parenting, patience, perserverance, pride, providence, pupils, putting-kids-first, sacrafices, selfishness, staying-together, staying-true, sticking-it-out, struggles, students, stupidity, teachers, trials, true-heroes, unconditional-love, what-matters, whats-important 108 likes Like
Brandon Sanderson
“Somehow, we'll find it. The balance between whom we wish to be and whom we need to be. But for now, we simply have to be satisfied with who we are.” 
? Brandon Sanderson, The Hero of Ages
tags: balance, finding-yourself, inspirational, need, satisfaction, truth, want, who-we-are 108 likes Like
Gordon B. Hinckley
“The major work of the world is not done by geniuses. It is done by ordinary people, with balance in their lives, who have learned to work in an extraordinary manner.” 
? Gordon B. Hinckley
tags: balance, inspirational 98 likes Like
Ursula K. Le Guin
“To light a candle is to cast a shadow...” 
? Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
tags: balance, equilibrium, evil, good, knowledge, taoism 89 likes Like
Elizabeth Gilbert
“He showed me a sketch he'd drawn once during meditation. It was an androgynous human figure, standing up, hands clasped in prayer. But this figure had four legs, and no head. Where the head should have been, there was only a wild foliage of ferns and flowers. There was a small, smiling face drawn over the heart. 
To find the balance you want," Ketut spoke through his translator, "this is what you must become. You must keep your feet grounded so firmly on the earth that it's like you have four legs, instead of two. That way, you can stay in the world. But you must stop looking at the world through your head. You must look through your heart, instead. That way, you will know God.” 
? Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love
tags: balance, faith 87 likes Like
Haruki Murakami
“Everything has boundaries. The same holds true with thought. You shouldn't fear boundaries, but you should not be afraid of destroying them. That's what is most important if you want to be free: respect for and exasperation with boundaries.” 
? Haruki Murakami, Colorless Tsukuru Tazaki and His Years of Pilgrimage
tags: balance, freedom, life, limitations 76 likes Like
Charlotte Eriksson
“I don’t need anyone else to distract me from myself anymore, 
like I always thought I would.” 
? Charlotte Eriksson
tags: acceptance, balance, charlotte-eriksson, eating-disorders, ed, growing-up, harmony, mindfulness, myself, prose, realisation, recovery, self-acceptance, self-harm, the-glass-child, youth 74 likes Like
Steve Maraboli
“Life is a balanced system of learning and evolution. Whether pleasure or pain; every situation in your life serves a purpose. It is up to us to recognize what that purpose could be.” 
? Steve Maraboli
tags: balance, evolution, inspirational, learning, life, motivational, pain, pleasure, purpose, situation, success, system 44 likes Like
« previous 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 … 12 13 next »
All Quotes | My Quotes | Add A Quote 


BROWSE BY TAG

balance
Search
love (49814) life (36483) humor (36404) inspirational (36043) philosophy (13244) truth (12035) wisdom (11342) happiness (10258) romance (9885) hope (9784) god (9697) death (8833) writing (8396) funny (7838) faith (7769) poetry (7511) inspirational-quotes (7410) quotes (7278) religion (7158) education (6946) inspiration (6940) knowledge (6483) success (6146) relationships (5986) science (5466) books (5381) spirituality (4830) life-lessons (4543) intelligence (4473) dreams (4436) More...
© 2016 Goodreads Inc about us advertise author program jobs api our blog authors & advertisers blog terms privacy help switch to: mobile version
